README.md, before:

List of repositories archived on Gitlab (ordered alphabetically)

- [FuseJS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/fuse-js) - JavaScript port of the ChartFusion Java API to help build FusionCharts xml on the client-side 
- [Gray](https://gitlab.com/hashd/gray-elixir) - Elixir library to help you operate on Gray codes. On [hex](https://hex.pm/packages/gray)
- [Infinite Streams for JS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/infinite-streams-js) - Infinite streams for JavaScript based on Elixir's infinite streams using ES2015 iterators
- [Jinx](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Jinx) - Github CLI using Elixir
- [Mendel](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Mendel) - Markdown editor that powers [Marvelous](https://github.com/hashd/Marvelous) based on SimpleMDE by nextwebs
- [META](https://gitlab.com/hashd/META) - Metadata Evaluator for Teradata Assets, was developed while at Dell to analyze tables for possible issues during migration based on Metadata information
- [Mutter](https://gitlab.com/hashd/mutter) - Elixir based hack.chat clone using Phoenix web framework
- [Orderedmap for JS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/orderedmap-js) - LinkedHashMap style maps for JavaScript to guarantee order of traversal
- [Twirl](https://gitlab.com/hashd/twirl_app) - Twitter based experiment in Elixir
- [Prime-GTK](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Prime-GTK) - Custom GTK theme based on Iris

#### Misc & Unfinished work
- [AuroraViz](https://gitlab.com/hashd/AuroraViz) - Visualization tool based on Protovis
- [Backyard](https://gitlab.com/hashd/backyard) - Backyard for brewing OSS
- [BOAS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Boas) - Better Organization Activity Stream for Github
- [Bowex](https://gitlab.com/hashd/bowex) - Bag of words experiment using Elixir
- [Casper](https://gitlab.com/hashd/casper) - Blogging platform written in Spring Boot to work along with Github
- [clib](https://gitlab.com/hashd/clib) - Recurring Programming anecdotes from SPOJ days
- [DIVE](https://gitlab.com/hashd/dive) - Data Induced Visualization Environment, depreciated. Check [papyrus](https://github.com/hashd/papyrus)
- [Prismere](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Prismere) - Code Anecdotes
- [uv](https://gitlab.com/hashd/uv) - uvCharts based tool to manipulate and visualize data

Commit message:

Add info for Nomad and ESDoc-Fly

README.md, after:

List of repositories archived on Gitlab (ordered alphabetically)

- [ESDoc for FlyJS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/fly-esdoc) - ESDoc plugin for FlyJS
- [FuseJS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/fuse-js) - JavaScript port of the ChartFusion Java API to help build FusionCharts xml on the client-side 
- [Gray](https://gitlab.com/hashd/gray-elixir) - Elixir library to help you operate on Gray codes. On [hex](https://hex.pm/packages/gray)
- [Infinite Streams for JS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/infinite-streams-js) - Infinite streams for JavaScript based on Elixir's infinite streams using ES2015 iterators
- [Jinx](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Jinx) - Github CLI using Elixir
- [Mendel](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Mendel) - Markdown editor that powers [Marvelous](https://github.com/hashd/Marvelous) based on SimpleMDE by nextwebs
- [META](https://gitlab.com/hashd/META) - Metadata Evaluator for Teradata Assets, was developed while at Dell to analyze tables for possible issues during migration based on Metadata information
- [Mutter](https://gitlab.com/hashd/mutter) - Elixir based hack.chat clone using Phoenix web framework
- [Nomad](https://gitlab.com/hashd/nomad) - Markdown file viewer for the terminal. On [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nomd)
- [Orderedmap for JS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/orderedmap-js) - LinkedHashMap style maps for JavaScript to guarantee order of traversal
- [Twirl](https://gitlab.com/hashd/twirl_app) - Twitter based experiment in Elixir
- [Prime-GTK](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Prime-GTK) - Custom GTK theme based on Iris

#### Misc & Unfinished work
- [AuroraViz](https://gitlab.com/hashd/AuroraViz) - Visualization tool based on Protovis
- [Backyard](https://gitlab.com/hashd/backyard) - Backyard for brewing OSS
- [BOAS](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Boas) - Better Organization Activity Stream for Github
- [Bowex](https://gitlab.com/hashd/bowex) - Bag of words experiment using Elixir
- [Casper](https://gitlab.com/hashd/casper) - Blogging platform written in Spring Boot to work along with Github
- [clib](https://gitlab.com/hashd/clib) - Recurring Programming anecdotes from SPOJ days
- [DIVE](https://gitlab.com/hashd/dive) - Data Induced Visualization Environment, depreciated. Check [papyrus](https://github.com/hashd/papyrus)
- [Prismere](https://gitlab.com/hashd/Prismere) - Code Anecdotes
- [uv](https://gitlab.com/hashd/uv) - uvCharts based tool to manipulate and visualize data
